Apple stock continues to underperform the market, but one Wells Fargo analyst recommends buying the dip ahead of some potential positive catalysts, even if shares fall after earnings.

Apple stock has fallen 14% so far this year while the S&P 500 has gained 4.6% as analysts have concerns over the company’s struggles in China, a lack of clarity over new general artificial intelligence projects, and competition with lower priced offerings. Shares have dropped for each of the last five trading days alone.

Wells Fargo analyst Aaron Rakers has chosen to remain bullish on the stock despite its recent underperformance, and wrote in a research note Monday that investors should “consider buy on weakness,” even if shares drop after the company reports second-quarter earnings on May 2.

“Confidence in Apple’s GenAI strategy could be a positive catalyst,” Rakers wrote. The company is expected to deliver updates on its generative AI projects at the Worldwide Developers Conference, or WWDC, on June 10.


Rakers rates Apple as Overweight with a $225 price target, which implies a 35% increase from the stock’s closing price on Friday.

Rakers isn’t alone in thinking any potential AI announcements from the company will provide a much-needed boost to investor sentiment. BofA Securities analyst Wamsi Mohan released a note Monday that said the company’s “rich catalyst path with defensive cash flows make AAPL a top pick for 2024.”

“We see catalysts including re-upping the capital return at earnings (May), Gen AI announcements at WWDC (June), the launch of new iPhones in the fall (iPhone 16) and reacceleration in gross profit dollar growth each qtr [quarter],” Mohan wrote. He rates Apple as a Buy with a $225 price target.

Melius Research’s Ben Reitzes wrote in a note last month that the iPhone will gain more improvements as Apple “will likely offer their own AI apps, perhaps through an upgraded Siri and its own assistant that can be integrated into non-Apple Apps too.” He rates the stock as a Buy with a $220 price target.

Shares of Apple were up 0.4% Monday to $165.68.